Variable | Description | Source Label
---------|-------------|-------------
subject  | prueba    | prueba
activity | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccmeanX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccmeanY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccmeanZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccstdX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccstdY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccstdZ | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccmeanX | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccmeanY | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccmeanZ | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccstdX | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccstdY | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccstdZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkmeanX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkmeanY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkmeanZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkstdX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkstdY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkstdZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyromeanX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyromeanY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyromeanZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyrostdX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyrostdY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyrostdZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkmeanX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkmeanY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkmeanZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkstdX | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkstdY | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkstdZ | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccMagmean | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccMagstd | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccMagmean | prueba    | prueba
tGravityAccMagstd | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkMagmean | prueba    | prueba
tBodyAccJerkMagstd | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroMagmean | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroMagstd | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkMagmean | prueba    | prueba
tBodyGyroJerkMagstd | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccmeanX | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccmeanY | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccmeanZ | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccstdX | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccstdY | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccstdZ | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccJerkmeanX | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccJerkmeanY | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccJerkmeanZ | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccJerkstdX | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccJerkstdY | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccJerkstdZ | prueba    | prueba
fBodyGyromeanX | prueba    | prueba
fBodyGyromeanY | prueba    | prueba
fBodyGyromeanZ | prueba    | prueba
fBodyGyrostdX | prueba    | prueba
fBodyGyrostdY | prueba    | prueba
fBodyGyrostdZ | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccMagmean | prueba    | prueba
fBodyAccMagstd | prueba    | prueba
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagmean | prueba    | prueba
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagstd | prueba    | prueba
fBodyBodyGyroMagmean | prueba    | prueba
fBodyBodyGyroMagstd | prueba    | prueba
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagmean | prueba    | prueba
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagstd | prueba    | prueba
